Explain what is embedded system in a computer system?
//An embedded system is a computer system that is part of a larger system or machine.  It is a system with a dedicated function within a larger electrical or mechanical system.

Mention how I/O devices are classified for embedded system?

//The I/O devices of embedded system are classified into two categories

Serial
Parallel


Why embedded system is useful?

//With embedded system, it is possible to replace dozens or even more of hardware logic gates, input buffers, timing circuits, output drivers, etc. with a relatively cheap microprocessor

Explain what is microcontroller?
//The microcontroller is a self-contained system with peripherals, memory and a processor that can be used as embedded system.


Explain what is interrupt latency? How can you reduce it?

//Interrupt latency is a time taken to return from the interrupt service routine post handling a specific interrupt.  By writing minor ISR routines, interrupt latency can be reduced

 what are buses used for communication in embedded system?

//For embedded system, the buses used for communication includes

I2C: It is used for communication between multiple ICs
CAN: It is used in automobiles with centrally controlled network
USB: It is used for communication between CPU and devices like mouse, etc.
While ISA, EISA, PCI are standard buses for parallel communication used in PCs, computer network devices, etc.

List out various uses of timers in embedded system?

//Real Time Clock (RTC) for the system
Initiating an event after a preset time delay
Initiating an even after a comparison of preset times
Capturing the count value in timer on an event
Between two events finding the time interval
Time slicing for various tasks
Time division multiplexing
Scheduling of various tasks in RTOS

Explain what is a Watchdog Timer?

A watchdog timer is an electronic device or electronic card that execute specific operation after certain time period if something goes wrong with an electronic system.

Explain what is the need for an infinite loop in embedded systems?

Embedded systems require infinite loops for repeatedly processing or monitoring the state of the program

